Update harness-git-ops-application-set-tutorial.md (#648)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-gitops/harness-git-ops-application-set-tutorial.md

:::note

> **New to ApplicationSets and PR Pipelines?** See the [ApplicationSet and PR Pipeline Summary](#applicationset-and-pr-pipeline-summary) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New to ApplicationSets and PR Pipelines?** Go to [ApplicationSet and PR Pipeline Summary](#applicationset-and-pr-pipeline-summary).
```

Style guide says to use "Go to" before links.

![](./static/harness-git-ops-application-set-tutorial-62.png)

#### Wave deployments

> You often here the term wave deployments used when PR Pipelines are discussed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You often hear the term wave deployments used when PR Pipelines are discussed.
```

A wave deployment is a deployment strategy in Continuous Delivery that involves releasing changes to a portion of users at a time, rather than all users at once. Typically, this is done using separate cloud regions for each target environment.

Wave deployments help reduce the risk of deployment failures and allow for quick recovery. The changes are rolled out in waves, typically starting with a group of users in one region and gradually expanding to the entire user base across all regions. This approach allows for a more controlled and monitored rollout of changes, improving the overall quality and stability of the deployment process.

> With Harness GitOps, you can implement wave deployments by creating multiple environments for your application, one for each cloud region, and gradually promoting changes from one environment to the next. This way, you can test changes in a safe and controlled manner before releasing them to the entire user base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Harness GitOps, you can implement wave deployments by creating multiple environments for your application: one environment for each cloud region. Then, gradually promote changes from one environment to the next. This way, you can test changes in a safe and controlled manner before releasing them to the entire user base.
```

Suggested revision to break up long sentence. Also wondering about the use of "safe"; does it unintentionally imply that other deployment techniques are not safe?
